MRG: [JOSS] address remaining project review (#312)
mne-tools/mne-bids: README.rst

This is a repository for creating
`BIDS <http://bids.neuroimaging.io/>`_\ -compatible datasets with

> `MNE-Python <https://mne.tools/stable/index.html>`_.

Reviewer: have you clarified the notion of what does it mean to be "BIDS compatible"? It means that it passes the validator or that it conforms to the standard. It may not be obvious to everyone

> BIDS (Brain Imaging Data Structure) is a standard to organize data

Reviewer: add link to standard here?

> according to a set of rules that describe ...

Reviewer: finish sentence ...

- how to name your files
- where to place your files within a directory structure

> - what additional metadata to encode, and how to encode it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- what additional metadata to store, and how to store it in sidecar json and tsv files
```

I'm not sure what you mean by "encode", changing it to something simpler like store might be better.
